README.md, before:

# RomCom  

### Abstract:
[//]: <> (Briefly describe what you built and its features. What problem is the app solving? How does this application solve that problem?)
This application will allow users to randomly generate and manually create, as well as save, book covers by clicking on the respective buttons. Covers are internally stored as JavaScript objects in an array and are dynamically added to the saved covers section with appropriate clicks. Book covers can be deleted if the user wishes by double-clicking on the cover. 

### Installation Instructions:
[//]: <> (What steps does a person have to take to get your app cloned down and running?)
1. Copy the SSH key on GitHub inside the code dropdown
2. Using the terminal, run `git clone [SSH key here]`
3. Run command `cd romcom` to move into the project directory
4. Run command `open index.html` to launch the application in the web browser

### Preview of App:
[//]: <> (Provide ONE gif or screenshot of your application - choose the "coolest" piece of functionality to show off.)
![image](Saved-Covers-View.png)

### Context:
[//]: <> (Give some context for the project here. How long did you have to work on it? How far into the Turing program are you?)
This project was completed during the second week at Turing. We were provided a framework for the webpage, and based on the project spec, we implemented required functionality. It took us around 15 hours to add all necessary features. 

### Contributors:
[//]: <> (Who worked on this application? Link to their GitHubs.)
- Jason Kirchman, github.com/kirch1
- Amber Shipley, github.com/espressoGoddess
- Sara Park, github.com/soy-park

### Learning Goals:
[//]: <> (What were the learning goals of this project? What tech did you work with?)
- Write clean JavaScript without repeating code 
- Use querySelector and event listeners to explore the connection between HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
- Use git and GitHub to utilize branches and collaborate in writing code
- Create informative pull requests and merge them into the main branch
- Utilize JavaScript objects to save and display data
- Read and understand existing code base in order to expand on it
- Communicate, collaborate, and plan effectively as a team
- Tech: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, DOM manipulation, git, GitHub

### Wins + Challenges:
[//]: <> (What are 2-3 wins you have from this project? What were some challenges you faced - and how did you get over them?)
##### Wins
- Effective teamwork (e.g. communicating our needs, taking breaks, not moving on until everyone was on the same page)
- Organization - we were able to organize code into functions so we can re-use them and avoid repeating code 

##### Challenges
- Difficulty with having specific covers delete versus having the whole page delete. We learned about capturing events on dynamic elements by researching online and trial-and-error.
- Sticking to scheduled group breaks. We solved this by setting a timer and being more aware of when we needed breaks.

Commit message:

Add deployable link and update install instructions

README.md, after:

# RomCom  

### Abstract:
This application will allow users to randomly generate and manually create, as well as save, book covers by clicking on the respective buttons. Covers are internally stored as JavaScript objects in an array and are dynamically added to the saved covers section with appropriate clicks. Book covers can be deleted if the user wishes by double-clicking on the cover. 

### Installation Instructions:
1. Open terminal and navigate to the directory where you would like this project to be stored.
2. Run `git clone git@github.com:Espressogoddess/rom-com.git`
3. Run `cd rom-com` to move into the project directory
4. Run `open index.html` to launch the application in the web browser

#### Or
Click this [deployable link](https://espressogoddess.github.io/rom-com/)

### Preview of App:
![image](Saved-Covers-View.png)

### Context:
This project was completed during the second week at Turing. We were provided a framework for the webpage, and based on the project spec, we implemented required functionality. It took us around 15 hours to add all necessary features. 

### Contributors:
- [Jason Kirchman](github.com/kirch1)
- [Amber Shipley](github.com/espressoGoddess)
- [Sara Park](github.com/soy-park)

### Learning Goals:
- Write clean JavaScript without repeating code 
- Use querySelector and event listeners to explore the connection between HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
- Use git and GitHub to utilize branches and collaborate in writing code
- Create informative pull requests and merge them into the main branch
- Utilize JavaScript objects to save and display data
- Read and understand existing code base in order to expand on it
- Communicate, collaborate, and plan effectively as a team
- Tech: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, DOM manipulation, git, GitHub

### Wins + Challenges:
##### Wins
- Effective teamwork (e.g. communicating our needs, taking breaks, not moving on until everyone was on the same page)
- Organization - we were able to organize code into functions so we can re-use them and avoid repeating code 

##### Challenges
- Difficulty with having specific covers delete versus having the whole page delete. We learned about capturing events on dynamic elements by researching online and trial-and-error.
- Sticking to scheduled group breaks. We solved this by setting a timer and being more aware of when we needed breaks.
